Factorio Production Calculator
A web app designed to assist users in visualizing and optimizing their Factorio factory production chains. Link:Live Application: https://fpc-app.com
Summary The main functionality of the app centers around production chains. Users will be able to visualize production chains, as well as add and remove products from any step in these chains. All the user need do is input the item/s their factory requires, and the app will handle all the necessary calculations. Lots of apps like this already exist, such as this wonderful website: https://kirkmcdonald.github.io/calc.html#data=1-1-110&items=advanced-circuit:f:1 However, I plan to implement user profiles; this will allow users to continue modeling the production chains of their factories as they grow over time. Also, I've put alot of work into modeling processes with code that other websites don't cover such as train throughput.
Current Release The current release is the Visualizers and Beautification release; this release includes a table-based visualizer for calculated factory data including item, crafter, and belt demand. This release also makes strides in modernizing the site's visuals as a whole. Creating this release involved lots of front-end work; I had to find a way to translate all of my calculated values into helpful visuals for the end user. I hope you enjoy!
Next Steps My plan going forwards is to add a graph-based visualizer for a user's factory data.
Keep Up With Updates I've been posting updates and insights on the project to my development instagram account. I'll try and get a proper blog up soon so you don't have to use that infernal app.
Link: https://www.instagram.com/ceofyeast/?igsh=MXRyOXRycjR3M3piMw%3D%3D&utm_source=qr
